>> Welcome to House
of Well-Being.
You're listening to the
kindness mindful audio.
In a moment, the hypnosis will
begin, but before it does,
I'd just like to remind you that
the following audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
that aim to help you reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to the audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and let go, and
enjoy all the peaceful feelings
and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as
possible and listen
to the sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
You know that they're
not important.
They don't matter at all,
and you can dismiss them out
of your awareness and
focus your mind entirely
on what I'm saying.
This is your time, and
you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs as much as
you can, and let it out slowly.
And again take in a
long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return to normal.
Gentle breaths in
and out, returning
to your normal gentle
breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful
tropical beach,
or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't
matter where you are as
long as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear,
and it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze gently
blowing over you,
and the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose and mouth and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten out
as they relax and you
let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat.
Relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders, making them
feel loose and limp
and comfortable
as your shoulders sink into
the frame of your body.
And you feel so comfortable
now, so relaxed and at peace.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the
light from the sun
down your right arm
from the shoulders
to the tips of your fingers.
Your right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the nerves and bones
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm,
from the top of your
shoulders all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the left arm
relaxing, becoming comfortably
heavy and totally relaxed.
Now move that warm light
across and into the chest area,
and relax the chest,
all the muscles there.
Now down to the stomach,
relaxing your tummy and down
into your hips and your
thighs over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now move the light
from the sun down
your right leg, up and down
from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes
as the right leg relaxes
and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You now move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes,
releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now
totally and completely relaxed
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed but still
completely alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed, but you
stay focused on these words.
So now I'd like you to
use your imagination,
and once again you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day, and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and
gentle breeze in the air,
making you feel pleasantly
relaxed and calm.
All around you can see trees
and plants and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers,
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
at ease and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
loosening more and more,
relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water,
and you feel excited about
where it's leading you,
knowing deep within
yourself you're
going into a very special
place, a place where you're
going to create some
positive, wonderful,
long-lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen,
and you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is filled
with a variety of colors,
rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens,
and it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance,
and you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps in your mind.
10, 9.
Deeper and deeper still.
7, all the way down
to relaxation now.
6, 5, and 4, drifting off
peacefully and easily.
3, 2.
All the way down,
deeply relaxed.
And 1.
You see a comfortable
padded chair,
and you take a seat,
ready to embrace
the changes to come in your
deep state of relaxation now.
Now that you're in a wonderfully
deep state of relaxation,
I'd like you to connect with
deeper and deeper feelings
of kindness and
compassion whilst
ensuring that you always
extend that same kindness
towards yourself
so that you make
sure you meet your
own needs in life
as well as enriching
the lives of others.
You know that kindness
enriches people's well-being
and helps make their
lives better and happier,
and it's also the
social glue that
allows us to connect
with others and build
meaningful
relationships with them.
When someone does
something kind for us,
we actually start
to like them more,
and we want to cooperate
with them even more.
When we do something
kind for someone else,
we earn that trust and
respect, and we feel better
about ourselves for
being a good person too.
So now I'd like you
to listen to the voice
within you, the
voice where you're
at your most
supportive and kind.
I'd like you to take this voice
and those feelings with you.
And in your mind now, you
drift right out of yourself
and turn around and look
at the you over there,
the one listening to this audio,
the you who wants to be kinder,
and you can reflect
for a moment.
Reflect on the fact that
just as your breathing has
a depth to it, a life to
it, a history to it, so too
there is a depth to you,
that you over there,
the whole full, complex
story of your life from when
that you was a newborn baby
all the way up to today.
And I'd like you now
to really give that you
over there the same kindness,
the same acknowledgment,
same support that you would
give to a good friend.
I'd like you to let
that you over there know
that it's OK to be human.
You don't have to be perfect.
As you look at that you over
there listening to this audio,
I'd like you to think
about giving that
you over that all the
kindness and self-acceptance
that you so willingly
offer to others.
From now on in, you
soften your inner voice.
You soften that inner critic.
You practice
self-talk that sounds
warm and friendly and kind.
You can allow your
inner voice to take
on the tone of a
supportive friend or coach.
If you catch yourself sounding
harsh, you take a pause
and change the tone back
to being warm and kind,
just as you would when
talking to someone else.
You make sure that your
inner monologue is positive,
staying well away
from negativity.
You also start to do things
now that nourish you daily,
things that recharge you,
rejuvenate you, light you up,
bring your mood up,
and feed your soul.
So maybe you take some time
out to do more exercise,
read a book, or enjoy a hobby.
It may be just 15 minutes
out of your whole day,
but you ensure that you put
yourself first every day.
You know how being
kind to yourself
is a start to also being kind
to others, so from now on you
put yourself first.
You no longer need a
reason to be kind to people
as you now inspire people
to be kind to themselves,
forgiving any imperfection.
You enjoy doing random acts
of kindness for others.
Maybe it's something small.
Maybe you smile more
to make someone's day.
Maybe you write
something kind to someone
or give a genuine compliment.
Help someone out
in a practical way.
Be kind to a stranger or
give your time to someone.
Whatever it may be, you
know that those small acts
of kindness make a huge
difference in someone's life.
And in turn, that
makes you happy too.
And this growing
kindness not only
helps you understand other
people more deeply, always
seeing what pain and suffering
may be going on behind closed
doors, but you also see that
beauty and their potential
and now genuinely wish
someone well and hope
they find their happiness.
It also helps you to
act in different ways,
to plan ahead for a special
gift or a surprise you can give
someone to take the time
to talk or to help someone
who's particularly quiet.
Maybe you help bring
them out of their shell--
to give to someone who's
in need and to continue
to show that same respect
and kindness towards yourself
because you don't
add to the world
by burning yourself
out, trying to help
every human being on
the planet when you need
to live a life that
brings you happiness,
that brings kindness and
compassion into your own life
so that you have the well-being
and brightness of spirit
to be able to share this warmth
and compassion with others.
You know that kindness has many
benefits, including increased
happiness and a healthy heart.
It also slows down
the aging process
and improves relationships
and connections, which again
indirectly boosts your health.
Kindness is a choice.
The more conditioned we are
to respond with kindness,
the more natural it
becomes, and it's
becoming more and more
natural to you day by day now.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now
with 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.